[wind blowing]
[small metal wheels squeaking]
[match striking]
[♪♪♪]
[oxygen hissing]
[inhaling deeply]
[♪♪♪]
[wheels squeaking]
[gunshots echoing]
[abrupt shift to soft muzak]
[pharmacist beeping on computer]
[continues beeping on computer]
Oh. morning. Ms. Cole.
Here for your prescription
refills?
Unless you got
any Oxy back there.
[laughing] Such a kidder.
Oh. you're still out
at that old ranch house. huh?
Not tempted to sell up.
downsize?
Downsize to what. a grave?
Okay...
[chuckling] Well. thank you.
Well. take it easy out there.
[♪♪♪]
♪ Mm... ♪
♪ Body may be weak ♪
[gunshots echoing]
♪ But my spirit's
♪ still on fire ♪
♪ The river may run deep ♪
[gunshots echoing]
♪ My sights
are set much higher ♪
♪ No time to rest ♪
♪ No soul to save ♪
♪ I'll take it easy ♪
- [police siren approaching]
- ♪ When I'm in the grave ♪
[brakes screeching]
♪ I'll take it easy
when I'm in the grave... ♪
Ellen?
No time for small talk.
Duty calls.
Lucky for me.
- [girl] I didn't do anything.
- [Ellen starting truck engine]
[girl] I didn't do anything!
[police] Okay. hey.
hey. hey. hey. enough of that.
[girl] Get your hands off me!
[grunting with blows]
Police brutality.
you fucking pig!
You just assaulted
a peace officer.
You really wanna play
rock. paper. scissors
with the county judge. huh?
String cheese. jerky.
soda. chocolate bar.
All the food groups.
Yeah. if you're high.
And what precisely is in this?
My dad.
What's left of him.
Shit...
Your dad was a drunk
and a goddamn nuisance.
but he was never a thief.
What's going on here?
He left me $90
in ones and fives. okay?
I just needed supplies
for the road.
Is that so?
Where you headed?
Somewhere else.
The beef jerky stays here.
Oh. you gonna make me
blow truckers
for food now. Chief?
Goddammit!
Your mouth is dirtier
than the dishwater
at the Apple Jack Saloon!
Officer Dhar.
please escort Miss Cochrane
to the city limit.
East or west?
East or west or jail. pick one!
West!
[♪♪♪]
[police radio] ...copy that.
This is Unit Four...
[Officer Dhar] Hey. Abby?
Just wanted to say
I'm sorry about your dad.
Mr. Cochrane
always seemed like...
Jesus Christ. Henry. just...
stop talking.
You lost the right
to speak to me
once you starting
working for him.
[♪♪♪]
15.
Hey. you got any change on you?
No. man. I don't.
Check her out. huh?
- Whoa...
- Yo. hurry up.
let's go. bag it.
Yeah. yeah.
[door entry bell jingling]
You boys have a good day!
[security guard] Yeah...
Hey. baby girl.
Aw. come on.
We're nice guys.
You need a ride somewhere?
No. Thanks.
No. seriously. where
you wanna go? I'll take you.
Just leave me alone. all right?
Hey. you're
Bobby Cochrane's daughter?
Oh. yeah?
Is that right?
Just fuckin' eat me.
Oof.
Baby...
I like that.
[chuckling viciously]
[Ellen]
These boys bothering you?
[single bell tolling]
Yo. what the hell you doing? Go.
It's Abby. isn't it?
Yeah.
You need a ride?
Sure.
Yo. Duane. is she kidding?
What are you doing?
Hmm?
Hey. where you going? Hey!
You're gonna want
to let this one go.
Hey!
Hey. I'm still talking to you!
Come here!
- [gasping and choking]
- What the fuck. Kyle?
[bones crunching.
screaming in pain]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[window squeaking down]
[guards groaning softly]
[Abby] What the fuck?
What just happened?
[Ellen sighs]
He must've slipped.
[starting engine]
Thank you.
[♪♪♪]
That's. uh...
quite the Saturday night.
That's not gonna last me
till Saturday night.
You mind twisting that valve?
Oh.
[oxygen hissing]
Like that?
[wheezing breath]
You can actually
just leave me right up here.
That'd be perfect.
[Ellen] Don't be stupid.
You had your thumb out
back there.
What were you aiming for?
Missoula?
Boise?
No. I was thinking
more like Portland.
then hitch a ride to California.
then to Mexico.
You were planning to hitchhike
through Mexico?
Yeah. What?
I mean. I don't have a car
or money.
Plus...
I've always wanted to see
Machu Picchu.
That's in Peru.
What?
Should you be smoking.
Ms. Cole?
[lighter sizzling]
Call me Ellen.
Okay. Ellen.
Those things could kill you.
right?
Already have.
Might as well die
doing somethin' I love.
[Abby] So I guess
we're not stopping. then.
[♪♪♪]
[construction crew
chatting indistinctly]
[♪♪♪]
[truck door closes]
Listen. Ellen.
thanks for the ride.
but I-I was just wondering
if maybe you could...
drop me off
at. like. the highway
or something?
What do you got in that
little fanny pack of yours?
You got a protein bar
and a change of undies?
- What?
You wanna head out to the coast.
have a few laughs. that's...
that's your business.
but you should go
with a full stomach
and good night's sleep.
I got a bed in the den.
and I got an elk brisket
in the slow cooker.
and if you don't eat it.
it's gonna go into the compost
anyway. so whatever.
If you're staying.
grab the macaroni
from the larder downstairs.
[creaking]
[banging]
[quietly] What the fuck?
[♪♪♪]
[cutlery rattling on bowl]
Wow.
[exhaling]
You eat like a bear in April.
Sorry.
I just haven't had
a home-cooked meal in a while.
[lighter clicking]
Wait. you smoke weed?
We started growing it
after Avery got sick.
Avery?
My husband.
[clearing throat]
You never had kids?
We met too late for that.
Sorry.
Don't be. I'm not.
Your. uh...
your Dad.
he was a real help to me
around the house
after my husband passed.
We had our differences. but...
I was sorry to hear he died.
What kind of differences?
I had to let him go
a couple years back.
Just got to be unreliable.
You mean drunk.
He started drinking
once the construction crews
showed up.
After they built that dam up
behind Duke's ranch?
God. he went on and on
about how they were destroying
his beloved creek
and "wiping out
six species of bird.
just to water
a goddamn golf course."
[♪♪♪]
That's where he died.
The dam.
Hit his head.
Drowned in 12 inches of water.
Is that why you're leaving?
No. I'm leaving
because this place
is a butt boil
on the ass end
of fucking nowhere.
I wanna swim in the Pacific.
I-I wanna climb
the Eiffel Tower.
I wanna eat noodle soup
in Saigon.
Travel broadens the mind.
Abigail.
but it helps to have a home
to come back to.
Is that why you won't sell?
No. it's like I said.
home is important.
Home is important.
What. you think this Duke guy
is just gonna let it go?
We'll find out tomorrow.
He's... he's coming for tea.
[scoffing]
So...
you're an orphan now.
Yeah. seems that way.
Me too.
[laughing] Right.
[laughing]
[loud hip hop music playing]
[♪♪♪]
[inhaling deeply]
Hell yeah!
Do you like my boots?
I notice most of the ranchers
around here
favor a plain leather look.
None of the trimmings. you know?
Hey. why are you even here?
Dick Duke doesn't need muscle
to close a deal.
Dick Duke is the muscle.
My apologies. Mr. Duke.
It's just...
this Cole woman.
Her file
is extraordinarily light.
especially for a woman of 80.
Listen. this Cole woman may be a
colossal pain in my ass.
but she's old.
and probably dying.
and poor.
There's no way
I don't close this deal.
If you think I need you
to pull another Cooper job.
well. you are sadly mistaken.
you deranged cyborg!
I just wanna get a look at her.
[♪♪♪]
♪ I'm a chemical reactor ♪
♪ A bullet train comin' at ya ♪
♪ Make way for the master ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ I'm a champion ♪
♪ Make way for the master ♪
♪ 100 A-one
I'm a champion ♪
[sparse military drums
beating tightly]
[drums beating
a dramatic stand-off]
Is that a...?
Bull elk.
Your husband was a hunter.
Nope.
[Dick] Huh.
Well... [chuckling]
Appreciate you
taking the time. Ms. Cole.
Who's the quarterback?
Oh. this is. uh. Mr. Clay.
He's my. uh...
What was your title
again. Mitch?
Director of Special Projects.
Am I a special project now?
[laughing]
No.
Ms. Cole...
Ellen. if I may.
[sniffing]
I don't need to tell you
what an incredible property
this is.
In fact.
I think it's the prime location
in a peach of a town.
Now. this is a...
fine house.
but that view out there
is just begging to be shared.
This tract would be
the centerpiece
of my entire resort.
18th hole right here
where we're sitting.
Five-star bar and grill.
and. of course. you'd have
a lifetime VIP membership.
I don't have much use
for a lifetime membership
of anything.
[laughing]
Is this your. uh...
granddaughter?
No.
[Abby] How do you all
take your coffee?
Cream and two sugars.
sweetheart.
She's not your sweetheart.
[Dick. chewing] Hmm.
I'm gonna make you a proposal.
but first things first.
You can have your pick
of the available properties
at Duke Estates.
that's our housing development.
[Ellen] I know what it is.
It's a retirement village.
With state-of-the-art
facilities.
I mean.
you got a real
charming house here.
rustic.
but you don't even have
full wheelchair access.
now. do you?
Pound cake was first-rate.
by the way...
Actually.
I will take that coffee.
[knocking tray]
[music pauses breathlessly]
This...
is my final offer.
I think you're gonna like it.
[♪♪♪]
I suppose you think
everything has a price.
Mr. Duke.
but this is my home.
and as long as
I'm still breathing.
it is not for sale
at any price.
Aren't you even gonna look?
I don't want your money...
and I've no one
to leave it to who does.
It should be obvious
that I don't have long to live.
so I have a proposal.
When I'm gone.
you can spread my ashes
up your 18th hole.
[♪♪♪]
It's not that simple.
Resort's due to open
next summer.
There are business imperatives.
So you need me dead
by Christmas?
[chuckling awkwardly]
[♪♪♪]
We should eat.
[music blasting. Dick raging]
Motherfucking shit-stained
son of a fuck!
That old sack of peanut dust
is gonna ruin everything
I've worked for!
[seething]
I want her off that property.
Don't tell me how.
I don't want to know.
[screaming]
Are you even listening?!
Might not be that easy.
What the shit
are you talking about?
She's two raisins
stacked on top of each other!
How much of a problem
can she possibly be?
[cleaver slamming]
[ominous music playing]
[cleaver slamming
in time to music]
[abrupt silence]
[knocking on door]
Hey. Ellen?
[Ellen] Come on in.
Take it.
Ellen...
What is this?
For cooking.
I don't know what to say.
Don't say anything.
I know you mean to be
on the road.
These things make sense.
Be safe.
be smart.
Okay.
What are you gonna do?
You just...
just gonna ride it out?
Yeah.
It's been like that
for a long while now.
Don't you...
Don't you ever get lonely?
[Ellen] Don't you
worry about me.
I'm alone. I'm not lonely.
[Kyle] Know what the deadliest
creature in the world is?
[Duane] The what?
The fuck should I know. Kyle?
[Kyle] Mosquitoes.
Mosquitoes?
Yup.
'Cause of all the diseases.
Shut up.
I swear to God. Kyle.
God!
Don't shine it
in my face like that.
- Don't shine it in my face...
- Don't shine it in my face!
- Oh. my god. I hate your face!
- [seething]
What the hell?
[laughing in wonder]
Skanky old bitch
is a goddamn narco.
Keep your voice down. man.
Jeez...
Ah. she probably takes
her hearing aids out at night.
Go. go. go. go. go. go. go.
Go.
[turning knob]
[whispering]
Holy shit. it's open.
[creaking of floorboards]
[whispering] Here we go.
Time for Gam-Gam
to take a little tumble.
[muttering]
Whatever that means.
Now. what do we have here?
[gasping]
I think it's Bruce Lee
on this sweater!
Okay. don't...
Keep your voice down. man.
I'm working here.
- The Chinese guy!
- Jesus...
- [quick footsteps]
- [gasping]
[whispering]
Where are you. bitch?
[exhaling] God.
I hate this bitch...
[Kyle]
What are you doing up there?
[Duane] Shh! Shut your mouth...
[Kyle]
You shut up. you shut up...
[Duane]
I thought I heard something!
God...
[floorboards creaking underfoot]
Not too bright. are you?
[whimpers faintly]
[yelping. body thudding heavily]
Oh. fuck! Fuck!
- Duane!
- [groaning]
- You okay. man?
- Oh. god. Fuck.
What happened to you?
What are you doing down there?
You okay?
You.
[Abby] Oh. shit. Fuck.
[Kyle] Come here. bitch!
- [oxygen tank thumping heavily]
- No...
[grunting and struggling]
Boo.
[heavy thudding]
[gunshot]
[man groaning]
[quickly retreating footsteps.
door banging open]
[Ellen] Abby!
[breathing hard]
Why was there a gun
under th...
If he dies.
we say that I shot him.
Do you understand?
But you didn't.
You didn't. You can't.
Why don't you just...
give me that?
This is not something
you want to get used to.
Ellen...
who the hell were these guys?
[whispering] Let's go find out.
It's the assholes
from the gas station.
Duke's men.
What the fuck
would they be doing here?
[Kyle breathing hard]
[Clay] What happened?
What happened?
I just got shot!
That's what happened!
The Cole woman?
No. man. Cochrane's kid!
Where's McCrea?
You never said anything
about the girl being there. man!
I mean. she really
complicated shit!
I'm not gonna ask again.
He's incapacitated.
You know. all I asked was. uh...
she break a hip.
You know.
make it look accidental.
scare her.
get her
off the goddamn property.
and you two clowns
start a gunfight.
Yeah.
I should never have hired local.
So. what do you wanna do. then?
Right now. I want to lay you
in the road
and let off my parking brake.
Do you have a better idea?
You wanna hear something
really crazy?
[police dispatch radios]
Keep moving. shithead.
[Chief Winston] Oh. Christ.
Okay. dust for prints.
get back to me.
I have not seen so many
goddamn troublemakers
in one space
since Kuwait.
Just defending
my property. Chief.
I believe that's my right.
It is. and I do admire
your moxie. Ellen.
Okay. so. you got into
some kind of disagreement
with the McCrea kid
at the gas station.
is that correct?
Yeah. him
and that other asshole.
Kyle Burr. I'll bet.
Right.
Those two stick together
like gum on a cold sidewalk.
[officer] Chief...
A dozen plants.
just like you said.
You're kidding me.
Well. seems like
we have ourselves
a complicating factor. Ellen.
I don't believe that's relevant.
Officer Wu says
you have 12 flowering plants
in the barn.
and at least a pound. or more.
of cured bud.
It's for personal consumption.
- Is that so?
- Mm-hmm.
Anything over four plants
is illegal
and a felony
in the state of Montana.
She's a sick old lady.
It's her medicine!
As for you. Miss Cochrane.
as much as it pains me.
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to
ask you to stay in town.
seeing as you are. after all.
a witness
in now two ongoing
police investigations.
Let me get this straight.
Two masked men
break into my home
in the middle of the night.
and I'm the one
being brought in?
I think you'd better examine
your priorities. Chief.
- My priorities?
- Yes.
You got one thing right.
I am the Chief.
and I would appreciate it
if you don't tell me
how to keep the peace
around here.
Officer Dhar.
please escort Ellen
to the back seat of the cruiser.
Is this really necessary. Chief?
Do you have a problem
upholding the law. Deputy?
[siren wailing]
[police dispatch radios]
One in custody...
[♪♪♪]
[floorboards creaking]
[door creaking]
[metal door clanging heavily]
Jesus.
[breathing heavily]
This is some
Doomsday prep per shit.
Fuck it.
[♪♪♪]
[sound of growling tiger]
Holy shit.
[sound of roaring tiger]
[officer] Whoa!
These are badass. Ms. Cole.
We should share artists
some day.
Jesus Christ. Torres.
What?
Us stigmatophiles
share a common soul.
Swifties for life. right?
[distant jaunty whistling]
Whoa.
[unlocking handcuffs]
How's the nose. shithead?
You know that shack of yours?
Sure be a shame
if something happened to it.
I think we both know
what would happen to you
if you touch that house.
Okay. get a room. you two.
Come on.
[door lock buzzing open]
You get cold.
wave at the camera.
we'll bring a blanket.
Winston.
Why did you let that asshole out
while I'm still behind bars?
Because that's the law. Ellen.
He made bail.
Did you know that shithead
just threatened my home?
Hmm?
What are you gonna do about it?
I ain't gonna do shit about it.
'cause he ain't gonna do shit.
He's a dumb kid.
He's pissed off
'cause an old lady laid him out.
A dumb kid who works for Duke.
Don't you think that's just
a little too much
of a coincidence?
A lot of people
work for Duke. Ellen.
Including you?
That's enough of that.
Look. we found enough weed
in your barn
to charge you with
"intent to distribute."
That's federal.
You got that?
So now you're wasting
taxpayer money prosecuting?
I'll be dead
before jury selection.
Jesus...
Wait!
[Winston sighing]
I want to be clear.
You do not intend to do anything
to protect my property?
No. Ellen. I do not.
Final word?
Goddamn you. woman.
Final word.
[door slamming]
[wind blowing]
[vehicle rattling up]
Ho-ho. baby!
[grunting with effort]
Oh. hell yeah.
Time to teach Indiana Bones
a lesson. huh?
Yeah. the Temple of Boom.
[laughing] Oh-ho-ho!
There you go. Kyle.
- Yeah. you like that one?
- There ya go!
Let's go!
[Ellen coughing]
What are you doing?
Oh...
[Officer Floyd laughing]
Every little birdie
with a broken wing.
huh. Dhar?
You know.
if you're so fucking concerned.
why don't you go in there
and give her a little
mouth-to-mouth. huh?
[making kissing sounds]
[laughing]
Fuck.
Ms. Cole?
I brought this from your house.
I hope you don't mind.
[door lock buzzing open]
Ms. Cole? Ms. Cole?
Ms. Cole?
Hey. Ms. Cole!
Ms. Cole!
[exhaling] Oh...
Oh. thank God. I...
I thought you were dead.
Not yet.
[cocking gun]
You tell your chief...
if he won't protect my property.
I will.
[Ellen dismantling gun]
[pieces clattering]
[phone chiming]
Hey. Henry. how'd it go
with the old lady. huh?
Oh! Sweet Jesus!
Okay. okay. okay!
My bowling hand! Ow!
Oh. god. that hurts!
Oh. my god!
Okay. okay...
What the fuck?
[Floyd shouting.
thudding against door]
Open the door. Joan!
Open the fucking door!
Oh. shit.
[Floyd shouting] Take it easy.
Ellen. take it easy!
[buzzing door lock open]
Okay! Okay. okay.
it's open. it's open.
Holy fuck!
Ow. fuck!
[Wu] Not gonna happen. Cole!
[Floyd] Jesus!
- [roaring] Aah!
- [stun gun crackling]
[stun gun crackling]
- Thanks.
- Ma'am.
[Torres chuckling]
[car alarm chirping]
[♪♪♪]
[tires spinning]
Ellen!
Ellen. we need to talk...
You should probably go now.
What are you talking...
Go where? Why?
[Ellen] They'll be here soon.
Take the truck.
Wherever you want.
California.
Wait.
Who will be here soon?
[Ellen] Who do you think?
Ellen. this is fucking crazy.
[Ellen] It's not crazy
to try to protect your house
from greedy assholes!
From Duke?
What does that have to do
with... with...
With the police. Ellen?
[Ellen] Long story.
Not yours.
Time to go.
Okay. what exactly
is your plan here. then?
I don't need a plan.
They need a plan.
They can't destroy my house
with me in it.
You've seen my larder.
I'll die of lung disease
before I die of malnutrition.
Well. I've seen way more
than just your larder.
Then you know
I'm going to be okay.
What in God's name
were you thinking?
Sir. she's
an 80-year-old woman. I...
You see. that is the problem
right there.
You cut that shit out!
It is us versus them.
and "them"
is anyone without a badge.
Do you understand that?
Everybody's got
a fucking sob story.
You fall for every one of them.
you're gonna crash and burn.
[single bell tolling]
[military drums beating]
[Police dispatch radio chatter]
Um... Chief?
I can see. Deputy.
Goddammit. woman.
I guess I'm gonna
have to go up there
and make you see some sense.
She could be armed.
Ya think?
[♪♪♪]
Let me see your hands. Ellen.
I don't know what you hope
to achieve.
out-smarting my most
soft-hearted officer.
but I can assure you.
it will not happen again.
You always seemed so proud
of your badge. Chief.
I'm surprised
you sold it so cheap.
Shut your goddamn pie-hole.
Oh. I think you mean.
"You have the right
to remain silent."
You can slap me with a fine
for the pot.
but you are not getting me
out of my house.
Now. if you don't mind.
you and your officers
can vacate my property.
either quietly.
or kicking and screaming.
Ellen...
it's way beyond that.
and you know it is.
Stop this.
Kicking and screaming
it is. then.
[cocking gun]
Do not take another step.
or I will blow your ancient ass
to kingdom come!
Did you say you were in Kuwait?
Yeah. What of it?
[Ellen] Let me guess.
Motor pool.
[grunting]
[Chief grunting]
- Oh. boy.
- Holy shit.
[Chief gasping for breath]
[♪♪♪]
Take a deep breath. Chief.
I have been firm
but fair.
but if you try to come into
my house again uninvited.
I might not be so nice.
[gasping]
Who the hell
do you think you are?
Who do you think I am. Bill?
Now get the fuck off my lawn!
[gasping and sputtering]
[Dhar] Shit. Chief. you okay?
[Wu] What the fuck was that?
What the hell you people doing
standing around?
You need first aid?
You go with Floyd.
and you break out the big guns.
That's what
I'm talking about. Whoo!
Time to teach Grandma a lesson.
Chief. are you sure we should be
aggravating the situation?
Henry. I would kindly ask you
to shut your damn mouth.
The woman already
put you on your back.
Who's aggravating here?
Abby is still in that house.
You don't want her to get caught
in the crossfire. do you?
[tapping into cell phone]
[knocking gently on door]
Henry.
Abigail.
Tell her I'm not armed.
I just came to talk.
[Ellen. annoyed] What about?
What about?
You.
You need
to get out of here. Abigail.
You've done nothing wrong.
- Henry...
- Give yourself up.
I'm gonna stay. okay?
I'm worried about
what they might try to do
to Ellen here.
What are you talking about?
They're not gonna hurt
an 80-year-old lady.
Wouldn't they. though?
What's that?
I spent the last five years
thinking my dad was crazy. okay?
He had the entire trailer
filled with maps.
all marked up.
Scrapbooks full of
conspiracy theories.
Abby. come on. now.
What does this have to do
with anything?
Ellen. this is your house
right here. okay?
This all around it
is Duke's property.
[Ellen] Is now.
Used to be ranches.
Exactly. This right here.
where he's building the. um.
the hotel and the clubhouse.
that used to be...
That was the Cooper Ranch.
Right.
I mean. Dad said
their place burned down.
Sure did. In a brush fire.
There was no brush fire.
Somebody set it on fire.
That is pure conjecture.
Ms. Cole.
Okay. okay. but they sold up
afterwards. right?
Okay. now. this...
this is the golf course now.
[Ellen]
Used to be the Taylor Ranch.
Carl Taylor. yeah.
An awful business.
I mean. he lost his entire herd
to botulism.
and then...
shot himself. and his dog.
Botulism?
It's a wasting disease.
The cattle get it
from bird carcasses.
I mean. is that even common?
Now. look. if you're suggesting
that somehow...
I mean...
Mr. Duke brought
a lot of investment
into Bighorn Ridge.
Dad has always said
that that man's money
turned this whole town crooked.
I-I just never listened to him.
Your Dad was. uh...
troubled. but...
he was a good man.
You know. it was clear
he loved this place
more than most.
I couldn't believe it
when I got that call
they'd found him on the dam.
What are you talking about?
They... the police told me
you found the body.
Uh. well. that's not...
strictly speaking. accurate.
I was just the first officer
on the scene.
[Ellen] Yeah. well.
then who found him. then?
Well. it was. um...
Oh. shit.
It was some guys
from Duke's security team.
[car pulling up outside]
Right on time.
[♪♪♪]
What are you doing?
[grunting]
[whispering]
Clay. what the hell?
How is this gonna look.
you showing up here?
This is a police matter.
I think you and I both know
getting her off the property
isn't going to matter anymore.
Whoever this old bag is.
she isn't going to be
intimidated into selling.
This is an 80-year-old woman
who's dying.
You know the timeline.
You know what Mr. Duke
is dealing with.
You know what'll happen
if Mr. Duke doesn't get
what he wants.
Now.
are you going to let me
do my job.
or are we
going to have to call him?
What about the girl?
What about her?
[quietly] Christ almighty.
[sighing]
At least let me get my man
out of there.
By all means.
You have three minutes.
You little prick.
Those are Duke's men.
It's your last chance to leave.
[Dhar] Those men
aren't law enforcement.
They... they can't just...
They will.
and your Chief of Police
will do nothing to stop them.
So what. you're just gonna try
and fight 'em all off?
I'm not asking either of you
to come with me.
Jesus Christ. Abby. come on. let
me get you out of here.
No.
I said I'm staying.
[radio crackling]
Officer Dhar?
Chief? Sir?
It's good to hear
your voice. sir.
Status report. son.
Um...
The. uh. the Cole lady
isn't budging. and. um...
neither is Ms. Cochrane.
None of that matters now. son.
I just need you to come outside.
Uh. what do you mean. sir?
Henry. listen to me.
You're a good boy.
and I want you to do
what you're told.
Come out of the house now.
Yeah. uh...
I don't understand. sir.
What's gonna happen?
What are Duke's men doing here?
Goddammit. Dhar.
get out of that house now!
That's an order!
No.
Sir. I...
I'm not leaving.
Sir?
Hey...
you okay?
There has to be
some sort of mistake.
Mr. Winston wouldn't just
send those Duke men in here.
not if he knew what they'd done.
Jesus Christ. Henry.
You cannot still think
Winston's one of the good guys.
He left you for dead. Henry.
He's left all of us for dead.
No. No.
he won't let that happen. Abby.
He won't let it happen.
I just need to talk to him.
I just need to get him
back on the radio.
I just need to...
[thudding]
Ellen. what the fuck?
He's a sweet boy.
but he's a liability.
You just really enjoy
hitting cops.
don't you. Ellen?
[feet slumping heavily]
[door creaking open]
What? Really?
Crossfire.
Can't leave him up here.
[Abby. grunting]
Jesus. Henry.
Lay off the Twinkies.
Tie him up.
[sighing]
[Abby]
If we get out of here alive.
you're gonna talk to me
about all this. right?
Sure.
If we get out of here alive.
Sorry.
This for your own good.
What are you talking about?
What's for my own good?
Ellen.
Ellen!
[Abby banging on hatch]
[muffled shouting] Ellen!
Open the goddamn door!
[♪♪♪]
Clay...
you're gonna wanna hear this.
Officer Torres
ran a background check
on Ms. Cole.
She moved to Bighorn Ridge
in '99.
Property was bought
in her husband's name.
Avery Cole.
He was an engineer.
Built oil and gas pipelines
in Northern Ukraine.
Built the house. too.
But on her?
There's nothing.
No prior address.
no tax returns. nothing.
They were married
overseas. so...
Goddammit. Ellen.
[banging on hatch]
Take your team
around the property line.
Wait for my signal.
[♪♪♪]
[radios chattering quietly]
Sir. they found something.
You remember those tattoos
we found on her
when we booked her?
Yeah. what about 'em?
I had Torres
ask his FBI buddy about them.
Database says.
and you're not
gonna believe this.
it means "Sword and Shield"
in Russian.
[Winston] "Sword and Shield"?
[Wu] Apparently
"Sword and Shield"
is a nickname...
for the KGB.
[♪♪♪]
Wu. speak English.
What does that mean exactly?
[Clay] It means...
she used to kill people.
professionally...
and that somehow.
she's still alive
well into her 70s.
Sweet Mary and Joseph.
McCrea. you there?
Uh. yes. sir. Mr. Clay.
we're in position.
All well.
[♪♪♪]
[pounding on hatch]
Ellen. open the goddamn door!
[♪♪♪]
Let's not take any chances.
Bring the car in.
Go! Go!
[♪♪♪]
[crunching underfoot]
[engine revving. tires spinning]
[engine revving]
[firing gun]
[bullet fire. man screaming]
[bullets exploding]
[knife slicing. man screaming]
No!
[firing]
There. at the window.
[gunfire blasting]
- Ellen?
- [gunfire]
[glass shattering]
[gunfire rattling]
Ellen!
[single shot blasting]
[shot blasting. man screaming]
We're sitting ducks
out here. man!
[groaning in pain]
Shit!
[man screaming]
No...
No fucking way.
Everybody at the same time.
Flush her out.
Three.
two.
one!
- [gunfire blasting]
- [roaring]
[whispering]
Rocky Mountain Oysters...
Go. go. go!
[gunfire blasting]
[continuous gunfire]
- Shit!
- [gas hissing]
[grunting]
[groaning]
Ooh...
Damn!
[wheezing] Oh. bitch...
Ellen!
[banging on hatch]
[Abby shouting] Ellen!
[pounding on hatch] Ellen!
[alarm clock ringing]
[second clock ringing]
[timer ringing]
[alarm continues ringing]
[floorboards creaking underfoot]
[alarms continue ringing]
[voices over comms radio]
Anything?
Negative.
Main floor is clear.
[comms radios crackling]
Living room's clear.
Where the fuck is this bitch?
We're looking.
Maldita vieja.
[banging metal pipe
against hatch]
[banging hatch]
[slamming tank
against hatch lock]
[heavy slamming]
[timer dings]
[floorboards creaking underfoot]
[gun fires]
[screaming]
[groaning briefly
and falling silent]
[♪♪♪]
Front room.
Baker Team. move in.
[firing]
Baker Team. on me!
Baker Team. go. go. go!
[blasting. men grunting]
[groaning and sobbing in pain]
Ah! No. no...
Please. please...
- [cocking]
- I have a cat!
- [firing]
[slamming heavily]
- Abby. what's going on?
- Shit!
Henry...
They're here.
- Who's here?
- Duke's men.
Quick. help me up.
[sawing]
[wheezing softly]
[gunfire rattling]
Target is in west hallway!
[gunshot. wood splintering]
[wheezing softly]
[gunfire]
[♪♪♪]
[sawing]
It's not working.
Fuck.
[banging]
[labored breathing]
- [banging]
- Fuck!
[sawing ropes]
[wheezing]
[gunfire rattling]
[hatch door squeaking open]
Abby!
- Fuck!
- [gunfire]
[roaring]
[grunting and struggling]
[broken objects clattering]
[firing gun]
[empty gun clicking]
[body thudding]
[headbutt slamming]
[pipe clanging]
[muttering] Bitch.
[♪♪♪]
Vital organs?
Flesh wound.
One of the perks of getting
a titanium hip replacement.
I'll bet you were a machine
in your prime.
Well. now the time's come
to break you up for scraps.
[Clay] Any last requests?
Aim for the head.
What?
I'm not talking to you.
[cocking gun]
[Abby] Chief Winston...
you there?
This is Chief Winston.
[Abby] Ellen says
to tell Mr. Duke...
What? Tell him what?
[Abby] That if he really
wanted to kill her.
he should've just sent a lawyer
to bore her to death.
[♪♪♪]
[coughing]
I hope you've got
a defibrillator handy.
because Grandma's heart
is about to give out over here.
[wheezing] I got the heart
of a 20-year-old.
It's my lungs
that are the problem.
What I wanna know is...
why does Mr. Duke
want you to kill me now...
when the COPD is going to do it
in less than a year?
Take off his shoes and socks.
Hmm. Well. I hate
to spoil your night.
but I don't get paid to have
my toenails pulled anymore.
One of the perks
of the private sector.
Sorry. I was really
looking forward to that.
I bet you were.
Did you know
that you've been bunking
with a professional killer?
Because that's what she is.
Got it literally written
all over her.
I'm retired.
[Clay] Hmm.
You didn't answer my question.
Well. Duke is leveraged
to his last nickel.
Owes some bad people
a lot of money.
and I don't mean Wells Fargo.
If he can finish
building the resort by...
next summer season.
he'll be back on track.
and he's selling
country club memberships
with the view
from your back porch.
He needs you gone now.
Why work for a guy like that?
He has a better health plan
than the VA.
Why do you think?
[coughing]
Did Duke have my dad killed?
So. what's your plan here?
Place is still surrounded.
What. you ain't hear me?
You're never
getting out of here alive.
Your ears ain't working now?
You know. I. um...
I get it.
This place.
it means something to you...
[wheezing]
But is it worth knowing
that these two...
[wheezing] Abby.
Are going to die now
because of it...
Did you kill him?
And besides...
-Answer the question.
you should have
known better.
[wheezing] Abigail.
People like you and me.
we don't get to have
these sort of things.
happily ever afters.
Answer the fucking question!
[wheezing] Abigail.
Hmm? Grandma?
[Ellen wheezing] Medication...
Medication.
[Abby] Oh. shit. Ellen...
Oh. my god.
come on. come on. come on.
[Ellen wheezing]
It's okay. I got this.
Yeah...
There you go.
[breathing deeply]
Better?
How does it feel.
knowing that...
your boss
gave you up for dead?
I mean. it took him
less than a minute
to decide that. too.
for you and the girl.
Which one is it?
You really have taken a shine
to her. haven't you?
Hmm?
Pretty. little...
young...
thing.
Aren't you glad I stuck around?
[Clay] Listen.
when the time comes...
since she's innocent...
I promise to make it
as long...
and drawn out as possible.
and that she feels
every second...
Shut your mouth!
You're not gonna touch her!
Aah!
[quietly] Go.
[Abby] Oh. my god.
[Ellen wheezing]
[♪♪♪]
[Dhar gasping]
[Abby] Oh. no.
Henry...
I'm sorry. Abby.
You move.
I bleed him like a pig.
I actually thought
you might take the shot.
The time comes for all of us.
I guess.
[flames roaring]
[screaming]
[♪♪♪]
You.
Gun.
Secure the perimeter.
Nobody leaves.
[Abby] Ellen...
[gunshots. breaking glass.
Abby shouting]
[coughing]
[♪♪♪]
[Abby] Ellen...
Ellen. listen to me.
Hey. look at me.
We have to go.
We have to go!
We gotta get out of here.
come on.
[Dhar coughing]
Ellen...
what do we do?
[Ellen coughing]
[Abby] Ellen. wait.
Radio.
Any movement?
Negative.
Nothing on the back
of the house.
Nobody move.
Wait for the fire to die out.
[♪♪♪]
[gently] We should go.
[wind blowing]
[single bell tolling]
[police radios chattering]
Go get your men
to search for bodies.
You gotta be kidding me.
No.
Do it.
[♪♪♪]
You think she's okay?
I don't know.
[Dhar]
I wonder where she's taking us.
[Abby] I don't know.
What are we gonna do?
I don't know. Henry!
Get in.
[♪♪♪]
I'd never had a home before.
I was picked up off the streets
when I was little.
They trained me.
Who trained you?
To do what?
Kill.
How'd you end up
in Bighorn Ridge?
[voice breaking] Avery.
[crying softly]
We built a beautiful home.
It's all gone.
[Abby] Ellen. I'm...
I'm so sorry.
[Abby] Rest. Ellen.
What do we do now?
I don't know. but...
we can't show our faces
in Bighorn anymore.
It's too dangerous.
I can't believe
that spray-on piece of shit
is gonna win...
again.
Just like he did the Taylors.
the Coopers.
my dad.
There's not a lot
we can do. Abby.
We can't fight 'em all.
I mean.
I-I could take it to State.
but we don't have any proof.
They'd laugh in my face.
Yeah. we don't.
But my dad might.
My dad had been
gathering evidence for years.
I mean. he must have
found something.
[♪♪♪]
God...
Jesus.
Um. I'll start over there.
Fuck.
[♪♪♪]
Your dad sure was. um...
comprehensive.
Yeah.
About some things.
Dad wasn't so bad. I guess.
Oh. my god...
I think this is it.
[Dhar] Whoa...
These are shipping labels.
Where did he find these?
[Abby] Clostridium botulinum.
Wait. is that
what I think that is?
You have got to be kidding me.
Duke had the Taylor cows
poisoned.
Is this enough?
Yes. I believe it is.
[Duke] Over the lips
and through the nose.
Bye-bye. brain cells.
here it goes.
[chuckling]
[secretary calling] Dickie!
I got Mr. K on Line Two!
Hold that thought. darlin'.
[inhaling]
[sighing deeply]
Dimitri!
[Russian accent]
What the fuck
do you want. Mister Duke?
- [Duke laughing broadly]
It's all taken care of.
just like I said it would be.
Yeah. that eight-day-old
ham sandwich
has been taken out back
and relieved of its misery.
and with next to no
collateral damage.
so we are all good. man.
You can call off your men.
and we can celebrate.
[Dimitri] You have made
these assurances before.
[Duke] I did.
and that was my mistake.
and it won't happen again.
[Dimitri] No. it won't.
My boss is tired
of all the fuck-ups.
You will give
these signed papers to my men
in person.
[Duke] No. no. no. no. no.
No need.
[Dimitri. menacingly]
In person.
[wind blowing. birds singing]
[Ellen] I've been here before.
you know.
I think your dad
was trying to be kind
after Avery passed.
I spent the last few years
hating my dad.
Embarrassed by him.
Ignoring him.
or putting him down
like everybody else...
and now I find out
he was right all along.
That he wasn't crazy.
That Duke really was
behind all of this.
He was right about everything.
This is exactly what I needed.
I needed the space.
I needed the air.
I needed...
the sound of the water.
I needed that stupid
fucking birdsong.
[exhaling]
Then that asshole
took it all away.
Would you like it back?
Your creek?
[dispatch radio chatter]
Find me those bodies yet?
[Wu]
You're not gonna love this.
The boys may have found
something
in the basement.
What do you mean?
What did they find?
It looks like
some kind of structure.
We're clearing it out now...
and there's this hatch.
[Abby] What is this?
Landscaping.
I can walk you through it.
but you're gonna have
to do it on your own.
Why?
What are you gonna do?
They took something from me too.
[cranking parking brake]
[sighing]
[♪♪♪]
I told the Staties
we'd meet them at the station.
No need for Lil and the kids
to see you getting cuffed.
Thank you.
[♪♪♪]
[Clay] Get everyone up.
We got incoming.
[Duane] Sir?
The old lady. she's still alive.
Do not take her for granted.
Shoot on sight.
[TV playing]
[Duane clearing throat]
Don't you know to knock?
I told ya. I don't like
to be interrupted
during the Rose Ceremony!
I know. I know. Mr. Duke.
I'm sorry.
Um. Mr. Clay just called.
and he basically said...
What?
What'd he say
that's so goddamn important?
She's-she's coming.
"She."
Who is she?
[silenced gunshot. man groaning]
The Cole woman. sir.
Ellen?
She's alive?
Yes. sir.
And she's coming here?
[power going out]
[gasping]
Yes. sir.
[chain link fence rattling]
[detonator timer beeping]
[sparking]
We have a breach.
we have a breach...
[gunfire. man groaning]
[body slumping]
[over radio] Hawkins!
[whimpering]
Hawkins! Come in. Hawkins!
Possible man down!
Converge on the main floor!
Protect the package!
[gas hissing]
[cocking gun]
[knife slashing]
[man screaming]
[over radio] Mac?
Mac!
Report! Report. goddammit!
[clattering gently]
- Fire!
- [thunderous gunfire]
[wailing in terror]
Is there any way out of here?
[Duke] No. you dipshit.
That's the whole point!
No one's gonna be able
to get through them.
Cease fire! Cease fire!
Cease fire!
[gunfire]
[men groaning]
[bodies slumping]
[detonator beeping]
[Kyle] You're even dumber
than your daddy!
[♪♪♪]
A lot tougher to kill. though.
I'll give you that.
It was you. then?
Killed my dad?
Scene of the crime. baby!
And what the hell's that?
I'm gonna blow this dam
to pieces.
You ain't no suicide bomber.
Cochrane.
Test me.
[laughing]
Ooh! You scared?
- Are you?
- No.
[smacking]
[blow landing. Abby gasping]
[Kyle cheering] Whoo!
[mocking] Oh. no. are you okay?
[she groans in pain]
[Kyle] What's the matter. huh?
[he grunts]
[groaning in pain]
[panting]
[blow landing. Abby grunting]
Not so tough without
your grandma. now. are ya?
You know what. bitch?
[Kyle] What?
I can take care of myself.
[stabbing]
[Kyle gasping]
[groaning]
Just get in here.
What. the closet?
That's your fucking plan...
Mr. Duke.
this is the safest way. okay?
Take this.
Okay?
And just try to stay quiet.
Okay...
[exhaling]
I am...
[cocking gun]
mosquito.
[door opening]
[Duane yelping in terror]
[silenced gunfire]
[body slumping]
[steady footsteps]
[panting in fear]
[muffled voice] Help. help...
[screaming and shooting wildly]
[empty gun clicking]
Are you finished?
I don't understand.
You could've just
taken the money.
and none of this shit
would've happened.
And you could have left me alone
to die in my own time.
How many homes do you have...
Duke?
Like. s...
six?
I had one.
Are you really gonna kill me?
[Ellen] Oh. no.
You're already done.
Then why the fuck are you here?
[door opening]
For him.
[♪♪♪]
Is he dead?
No.
[Clay] Good.
I don't get paid otherwise.
Can't take it with you
when you're dead.
You must have been something
back in the day.
Back in the day?
Oh. honey.
I am still standing.
You know it wasn't personal.
You made it personal
when you burned down my house.
Well...
shit.
[gunshot. gun falling]
[grunting softly]
[Clay exhaling]
[sniffing]
What do you say
we settle this like men?
You know what I mean.
[dropping gun]
[dropping second gun]
[head smacking]
- [Ellen gasping]
- Seen that one before.
[bones crunching] Ow!
[joint crunching] Oh!
[groaning]
[nails raking. Clay screaming]
[Ellen] Die. you motherfucker!
[Clay screaming]
[♪♪♪]
[wheezing]
[knife squelching]
[knife clattering to floor]
[speaking in Russian]
[body slumping]
[♪♪♪]
[wincing. breathing hard]
[cocking gun]
Get up.
Okay.
[Duke whimpering]
It's cold.
Where are we going?
[Ellen] Stop.
Look. you got what you wanted.
Clay's dead. the asshole.
What do you want from me?
Do you know Bobby Cochrane?
Who?
He used to go fly-fishing
with his daughter
right in this creek...
when there was a creek.
What the hell
are you talking about?
I've lived a long life.
I've met a lot of people.
I didn't always enjoy
what I was doing.
or who I was doing it to...
but sometimes...
it feels real good.
What do you got. Alzheimer's?
I don't know
what you're talking about!
Abby says hi.
Who the fuck is Abby?!
[detonators beeping]
[squeaking] Oh. Mommy!
[explosions rumbling]
Oh. no...
My dam! My beautiful dam!
[sobbing]
You bitch!
You crazy fucking bitch!
What the living shit
are you looking at.
you crazy hag?
What?!
What? Who the fuck is this?
[speaking in Russian]
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Who the fuck is this?
[speaking in Russian]
[laughing in glee]
This is fantastic!
This is the dude!
Get her!
She's the one
fucking everything up!
No one gets me!
You understand?
I'm the winner!
[speaking in Russian]
Go with God.
[Duke] Whoa. whoa. whoa.
why are you looking at me
like that?
Wh-what the hell's
going on here?
You should be shooting her!
Get her! Kill her!
Cap her fucking ass!
[water rushing]
[♪♪♪]
[opening tin]
I love you. Dad.
[♪♪♪]
Morning. Chief.
Abigail.
Ms. Cole's medicine.
Why. thank you. Henry.
Oh. and. uh. this is for you.
[laughing]
It's. um. Yippee-Ki-Yay?
Right?
[laughing]
So. uh. when do you think
you'll be back?
Uh. I'm... I'm not entirely sure.
Why do you ask?
Oh. I-I was. uh...
Um...
[sighing]
I'll call you from the road.
Yeah?
I'd like that.
[laughing]
[engine starting]
[♪♪♪]
You all set?
All set.
Okay. Where to first?
Machu Picchu.
Peru. here we come.
[starting engine]
[♪♪♪]
♪ Body may be weak ♪
♪ But my spirit's
still on fire ♪
♪ The river may run deep ♪
♪ But my sights
are set much higher ♪
♪ No time to rest ♪
♪ No soul to save ♪
♪ I'll take it easy
when I'm in the grave ♪
[gunshot]
♪ Oh. my mama prayed so hard ♪
♪ Saw angels all around ♪
♪ But faith
is for the faithful ♪
♪ And I ain't never
slowing down ♪
♪ There's no time to rest ♪
♪ No soul to save ♪
♪ I'll take it easy
when I'm in the grave ♪
♪ No time to rest ♪
♪ No soul to save ♪
♪ I'll take it easy
when I'm in the grave ♪